Add T-lettered article stubs (#4698)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmapping/Timing_section/en.md

---
stub: true
tags:
  - timing
  - mapping
  - beatmapping
  - section
  - BPM
---

# Timing section

> *For tips on timing beatmaps, see: [How to time songs](/wiki/Guides/How_to_Time_Songs)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*For a guide on timing beatmaps, see: [How to time songs](/wiki/Guides/How_to_Time_Songs)*
```
